# ORD-Planes
*********** Work in progress - NOT FINAL ****************
JavaScript/HTML game in which the player catches falling objects to score points.  This is a light-weight game built for young players.

I've published a GitHub repository for this game.  Here is the link:  https://github.com/jordanhowe25/ORD-Planes ...  I've started some of the basic work and setting up the layout.  You may notice borders around everything, they will eventually be removed or modified, but thats just something that helps me visualize the elements when I am first mocking something up.  In the file repository I have .js class files started for our objects, these include:  game.js, truck.js, plane.js, luggage.js.  I have put the code from the previous game in comments on the applicable classes for us to reference throughout our development time.  I can tell you that the code wasn't perfect originally by any means but for the most part functional, so just keep that in mind when you look at the comments.  The game will be done on Canvas.  I have made built the canvas to be the size of 70% of view height and width.  I have placed a background image behind the canvas for the scenery.  Below the canvas is the player dashboard, this will show the players score and contain two buttons:  Move-left, Move-right.  I have a timer overlay on the top center of the canvas, this will countdown from 3 minutes once its implemented and control the players time as there will be no "lose condition" in this game.  We won't add any negative elements or penalties to the player (at least as of right now).  I will add issues sometime tomorrow for us to start working on it.  Some basic features that we will be implementing:  1.  Truck that moves left and right on the canvas using the move buttons.  While pressing down on the move buttons the movement speed will progressively get faster (will eventually cap out though with a max).  Once the player releases the button, movement will go back to 0.  2.  A plane that will drop a variety of luggage types.  The plane will fly from both the right and left side and will move fairly quickly so that falling objects will spread across the board.  3.  The truck will be able to "catch" the falling objects and will score a point for each object caught.  4.  A 3 minute timer will countdown once the game has started, the timer will be displayed on screen.  Once the timer reaches 0, the game is over.  5.  A title screen with a quick "how to play" and a start button to start the game.  6.  An end game screen that allows the player to press a button to play again.  Will also have an end-game summary of points scored and maybe a star rating on how much they scored (very similar to balloon popper style, no need to reinvent the wheel on a short time frame).